Update Performance Overview to Reflect High Refresh Rate Displays Issue #4062 (#4259)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/performance.md

title: Performance Overview
---

A compelling reason to use React Native instead of WebView-based tools is to achieve at least 60 frames per second and provide a native look and feel to your apps. Whenever feasible, we aim for React Native to handle optimizations automatically, allowing you to focus on your app without worrying about performance. However, there are certain areas where we haven't quite reached that level yet, and others where React Native (similar to writing native code directly) cannot determine the best optimization approach for you. In such cases, manual intervention becomes necessary. We strive to deliver buttery-smooth UI performance by default, but there may be instances where that isn't possible.

This guide is intended to teach you some basics to help you to [troubleshoot performance issues](profiling.md), as well as discuss [common sources of problems and their suggested solutions](performance.md#common-sources-of-performance-problems).

## What you need to know about frames

> Your grandparents' generation called movies ["moving pictures"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1i40rnpOsA) for a reason: realistic motion in video is an illusion created by quickly changing static images at a consistent speed. We refer to each of these images as frames. The number of frames that is displayed each second has a direct impact on how smooth and ultimately life-like a video (or user interface) seems to be. iOS devices display at least 60 frames per second, which gives you and the UI system about 16.67ms to do all of the work needed to generate the static image (frame) that the user will see on the screen for that interval. If you are unable to do the work necessary to generate that frame within the allotted 16.67ms, then you will "drop a frame" and the UI will appear unresponsive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your grandparents' generation called movies ["moving pictures"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1i40rnpOsA) for a reason: realistic motion in video is an illusion created by quickly changing static images at a consistent speed. We refer to each of these images as frames. The number of frames that is displayed each second has a direct impact on how smooth and ultimately life-like a video (or user interface) seems to be. iOS devices display at least 60 frames per second, which gives you and the UI system at most 16.67ms to do all of the work needed to generate the static image (frame) that the user will see on the screen for that interval. If you are unable to do the work necessary to generate that frame within the allotted time slot, then you will "drop a frame" and the UI will appear unresponsive.
```
